chore: change classHash to class name (#279)
dojoengine/book: docs/pages/toolchain/katana/genesis.md

    - `address` (optional)  
      _The fee token contract address._
  - `class` (optional)  
    _The class of the fee token. It is has a value of either a classHash or a name._
	- `classHash` (option)  

>       _The hash of the fee token class represented with a 0x- prefixed hex value._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      _The hash of the fee token class hash (`0x` prefixed hex value)._
```

Reviewer: A class hash is a hex value, so premising once that the class hash must be `0x` prefix is fine and then we can simply refer to it as `class hash`.

    - `nonce` (optional)  
      _The nonce of the account._
    - `class` (optional)  

>       _The class to be used for the account contract. This can be a classHash(0x- prefixed hex vale) or a name._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      _The class to be used for the account contract. This can be a class hash or a name._
```

    - `storage` (optional)  
      _Key-value pairs for the account's storage._
- `contracts` _Genesis contract deployments._
  - <CONTRACT_ADDRESS> _The address of the contract._
    - `class`  

>       _The class of the contract. This can be a classHash(0x- prefixed hex vale) or a name._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      _The class of the contract. This can be a class hash or a name._
```

- `contracts` _Genesis contract deployments._
  - <CONTRACT_ADDRESS> _The address of the contract._
    - `class`  

>       _The name of the class._

Reviewer 2: this field can either be the class hash (0x-prefixed hex value) or name. Corresponds to the `classHash`, and `name` fields of the `classes` list respectively. As seen here 

https://github.com/dojoengine/dojo/blob/6ae661d4e272c0c0920858e255a5fd89aa40ad53/crates/katana/primitives/src/genesis/json.rs#L177-L182

this is the same for every `class` field in [fee token](https://github.com/dojoengine/book/blob/0b2d6d8912443bb7ac71e43c543ad7c0a606cd20/docs/pages/toolchain/katana/genesis.md?plain=1#L40), [account](https://github.com/dojoengine/book/blob/0b2d6d8912443bb7ac71e43c543ad7c0a606cd20/docs/pages/toolchain/katana/genesis.md?plain=1#L59), and [contract](https://github.com/dojoengine/book/blob/0b2d6d8912443bb7ac71e43c543ad7c0a606cd20/docs/pages/toolchain/katana/genesis.md?plain=1#L65) config entries

    - `balance` (optional)  
      _The balance allocated to the contract._
    - `storage` (optional)  
      _Key-value pairs for the contract's storage._
- `classes` _Classes to declare at genesis._
  - `class`  
    _The path to the class artifact file relative to the genesis config file, or the full class artifact object._
  - `name` (optional)

>     _The name of the class._

Reviewer 2: we still need both. we still allow specifying the exact class hash, this is for overriding the class hash value which otherwise would be computed from the artifact directly. 

at the same time, we also have a 'helper' field where user can provide a name to the class entry. The name can then be used when specifying the `class` field of a contract configuration (eg the `class` field in the `feeToken` config or the `class` field in the `universalDeployer` config).

you can refer to this https://github.com/dojoengine/dojo/blob/6ae661d4e272c0c0920858e255a5fd89aa40ad53/crates/katana/primitives/src/genesis/json.rs#L93-L101

	"classes": [
		{
			"class": "path/to/file/erc20.json",
			"name": "MyClass"
		},
		{
			"class": "path/to/file/universal_deployer.json",

> 			"classHash": "AnotherClass"

Reviewer 2: class hash should be a 0x-prefixed hex value and not doesnt accept arbitrary string. that would be for the `name` field

	"classes": [
		{
			"class": "path/to/file/erc20.json",
			"name": "MyClass"
		},
		{
			"class": "path/to/file/universal_deployer.json",

> 			"classHash": "0x444" //or ("name": "className")

Reviewer: not sure we need the comment with the alternative, as we already have an example of `"name": "MyClass"`.

Reviewer: We could remove other comments too for accountName, contractName and feeToken class wdyt @kariy?
